# MadisonCStar
Repository for all of the scripts and various bits for the UW Madison League of Legends Team

# Current Use Case
Currently the script is run by calling CSLPython while having an Internet Connection. It is expected to take upwards of 30 minutes to run correctly at the current moment.

# Script Descriptions

### CSLPython
This is the Main file, which calls the functions from the other files to run. You can turn on and off certain steps of the process based on how far you got previously, and is where you need to determine what league you are searching.

### CSLteams
This file takes the standings page and crawls the page grabbing Team Name, Region, Series Score and Team page URL.
~1 Second

### CSLcalculator
This file takes the teams list generated by CSLteams and scrapes the team pages to generate information on it's players.
~15 minutes

### CSLplayers
Takes a individual teams CSL page and scrapes it for all of the players on that team. It then looks up their OP.GG and takes their current rank.
It also equates each rank to a numerical value, and calculates the average rank of the entire team, and then the average rank of their top 5 players.
~12 Minutes

### CSLrank
Stitches together the team rank from the CSLplayers, as well as the information from CSLcalculator to product a final list of information for a team.
~1 Second

### CSLregion
Reads in the team file and averages out how strong that region is relative to the other regions. Has lots of different metrics to give a better picture of division strength, All and Top10 fields may be unnessecary.
~1 Second

# CSV File Descriptions
CSV files are a type of data storage similar to a spreadsheet and can be open in traditional spreadsheet applications like Excell and Google Sheets, but some low importance columns do not work well in Excell so Google Sheets is recommended. 

### (Open/Gold/Star)LeagueTeams
DEPRECATED - This file contains all of the information related to a single team, namely their name, region, standing, average rank and list of players.

### (Open/Gold)LeaguePlayers
DEPRECATED - This file is a master list of every CSLplayer in that League. Namely stores region, team name, player name, rank, and op.gg

### (Open/Gold/Star)LeagueRegion
This file contains a ranking of all of the regions in the League.

# Areas of Futre Improvement

### Planned
- Multi-Thread HTTP Requests to speed up performance [COMPLETE]
- Modularize some function methods to make it easier to run without needing to run the whole script [COMPLETE]
- Better comments are needed in order to pass on this script to new users
- Find a way to create a historical set of CSV files to look at past information
- Extract and manipulate previous season ranks from OP.GG for after rank reset
- Modularize ouput to allow users to only export columns they want to see
- Save the team data continuously encase of failover [COMPLETE]
- Split files into different repositories

### Stretch Goals
- Include Visualization Metrics into the site for apperance purposes
- Possibly change data structures to dict of dicts instead of dict with a list [COMPLETE]
- Create documentation on how to do some of the website parsing work from scratch incase of CSL changes
- Find a way to replicate this for playoffs
